yeah hello YouTube and I've been told by
my friend just make another one of these
TNT videos and so I've just got too many
items hack which I haven't been able to
get before by upgraded and now I can't
get it and so I'm gonna be using nukes
nuke TNT which is tanti with x 15 power
or something like that and I'm gonna
make a big explosion and a big hole in
the ground as well that should be good
doing this normal TNT doesn't really do
much as you can see it really can't be
bothered to dig all the way down full
blocks before it just runs a pain and
yeah there's some bar books which I
don't ready to use so yeah if any of you
want me to make another TNT something or
other or like me me and my friend have
been thinking about making the motel
spot like I don't know which is
something where we blow up people's
stuff so if anyone has anything you want
me to blow up right now maybe send in
I'm gonna be downloaded some adfly maps
anyway oh god that should have happened
oh oh yeah I'll just finish off the rest
of this just gave myself some nuke and
yes it's really good
bigger thing about it is you yeah all
the things that you add on to like
planes and stuff already in there
you will not each but I just waited lose
all my health and diet and you can see
bedrock yeah I'm coming to the end now
and it's a pretty explosion and I didn't
know how powerful boots were all times
having used them before I don't know I
got a staff about 25 bucks idiot still
ready to kill myself as you see in a
minute and normally he's a bit boring
now I'll use this
making the rest of this up a bit
dangerous like you saw before when you
accidentally here blow they have a
problem I'm gonna be pretty making some
videos on how to build and use mods I'm
pretty into it at the moment
so yeah this is the end and I somehow
managed to still die pretty impressive
and with half a tree low water lots of
water yeah you do get quite a lot of
water when you hit the Celia very good
using no more TNT before I would have
got that half this size certainly
pleased and so yeah it's pretty much
younger so UCLA Oh bye